1. LIST_HOTELS (5 templates)
Basic Queries:
"Show me hotels in Paris"
"List hotels in Egypt"
"Find hotels in Dubai"
"What hotels are in Cairo?"
With Star Rating:
"Show me 5-star hotels"
"List 3-star hotels"
"Find all 4-star hotels"
City + Rating:
"Show me 5-star hotels in Paris"
"List 4-star hotels in Cairo"
"Find 3-star hotels in Dubai"
Country + Rating:
"Show me 5-star hotels in France"
"List 4-star hotels in Egypt"
"Find 3-star hotels in UAE"
Country Only:
"List hotels in France"
"Show hotels in Turkey"
"Find hotels in United Arab Emirates"
2. RECOMMEND_HOTEL (5 templates)
Location Only:
"Recommend hotels in Cairo"
"Suggest hotels in Paris"
"Best hotels in Dubai"
Location + Traveller Type:
"Recommend hotels in Cairo for families"
"Suggest hotels in Paris for couples"
"Best hotels in Dubai for solo travelers"
"Hotels in London for business travelers"
Location + Aspects:
"Recommend hotels in Cairo with good cleanliness"
"Suggest hotels in Paris with great location"
"Hotels in Dubai with excellent staff"
"Find hotels in Cairo with good facilities and comfort"
Location + Traveller + Aspects:
"Recommend hotels in Cairo for families with good cleanliness"
"Suggest hotels in Paris for couples with great location and comfort"
"Hotels in Dubai for business with excellent facilities"
"Family hotels in Cairo with good staff and value for money"
With Demographics:
"Recommend hotels in Cairo for families with children"
"Suggest hotels in Paris for female travelers"
"Hotels in Dubai for male business travelers"
With Star Rating:
"Recommend 5-star hotels in Cairo"
"Suggest 4-star hotels in Paris for families"
"Best 3-star hotels in Dubai with good location"
3. DESCRIBE_HOTEL (2 templates)
All Aspects:
"Tell me about Nile Grandeur"
"Describe The Azure Tower"
"What can you tell me about Hilton Cairo"
"Give me details about Marriott Paris"
Specific Aspects:
"Tell me about Nile Grandeur's cleanliness"
"Describe The Azure Tower's location and facilities"
"How is the staff at Hilton Cairo?"
"What's the value for money at Marriott Paris?"
"Tell me about comfort and facilities at The Azure Tower"
4. COMPARE_HOTELS (2 templates)
Basic Comparison:
"Compare The Azure Tower and Nile Grandeur"
"Compare Hilton Cairo vs Marriott Cairo"
"What's the difference between Sofitel Paris and Ritz Paris?"
With Aspects:
"Compare The Azure Tower and Nile Grandeur on cleanliness"
"Compare Hilton vs Marriott on location and facilities"
"Compare Sofitel and Ritz on staff and comfort"
With Traveller Type:
"Compare The Azure Tower and Nile Grandeur for families"
"Compare Hilton vs Marriott for business travelers"
"Which is better for couples: Sofitel or Ritz?"
With Traveller + Aspects:
"Compare The Azure Tower and Nile Grandeur for families on cleanliness"
"Compare Hilton vs Marriott for business on facilities and location"
5. CHECK_VISA (1 template)
"Do I need a visa to travel from Egypt to France?"
"Visa requirements from USA to Turkey"
"Do I need a visa for Dubai from Egypt?"
"Check visa from France to Egypt"
"Visa requirements from UK to UAE"